Added language attributing Adam D (#24)
vanderbilt-redcap/redcap_cypress_docker: README.md

The REDCap Cypress Developer Toolkit provides an automated framework for validating REDCap’s core functionality. Automated testing helps ensure system integrity, reduces manual testing burden, and supports institutions in meeting regulatory compliance requirements (e.g., 21 CFR Part 11).

> The toolkit was the brain child of Adam De Fouw, who rightfully deserves the bulk of the credit for getting it off the ground.  This and all related projects were originally developed by him and the RSVC Automated Testing Subcommittee (ATS).  They are now maintained by Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC). RSVC continues to contribute to updates and actively uses the toolkit for REDCap validation efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolkit was the brain child of Adam De Fouw, who deserves most of the credit for getting it off the ground.  This and all related projects were originally developed by him and the RSVC Automated Testing Subcommittee (ATS).  They are now maintained by Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC). RSVC continues to contribute to updates and actively uses the toolkit for REDCap validation efforts.
```

I think the language is good, just wanted to simplify a little. It's good to give a shoutout to Adam in the docs for all this work making this possible.

Author: Definitely an improvement.  Thanks!
